README.md, before:

# Java Hellenic User Group Resources

Here you will find material from the JHUG events.

## 2021

### October [recap in Greek](https://tinyletter.com/jhug/letters/jhug-newsletter-october-2021)

- Prepare for what *Loom*s ahead by Heinz Kabutz [video](https://vimeo.com/626210978)

### April [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-april-22th-2021/)

- JVM performance tuning by Thomas Pliakas [slides](presentations/2021/04-April/JVMPerformanceTuning.pdf)
- An unconventional path to innovation by Babis Makrynikolas [video](https://vimeo.com/540659777)

### March [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-march-11th-2021/)

- Test && commit || revert by Nikos Voulgaris [slides](presentations/2021/03-March/TestCommitRevert.pdf)
- Let’s talk about Bean Mapping by Periklis Ntanasis [slides](presentations/2021/03-March/JavaBeanMapping.pdf)

## 2020

### December [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-december-29th-2020/)

- Micronaut in 15 minutes by Paris Apostolopoulos [slides](presentations/2020/12-December/Micronaut%20in%2015%20minutes.pdf)
- IO Thread vs Worker thread demystified by Georgios Andrianakis [slides](presentations/2020/12-December/IO%20Thread%20vs%20Worker%20thread%20demystified.txt)
- Emacs for Java developers by Ioannis Canellos [slides](presentations/2020/12-December/Emacs%20for%20Java%20developers.txt)
- Advent of Code in Java by Spyros Anastasopoulos [slides](presentations/2020/12-December/Advent%20of%20Code%20in%20Java.pdf)

### June [recap in Greek](https://tinyletter.com/jhug/letters/you-ve-got-mail-from-jhug-3)

- Tale of a Kernel bug by Alexandros Sapranidis [slides](presentations/2020/06-June/The%20story%20of%20black%20box%20debugging.pdf)
- Java programming for fun by Spyros Anastasopoulos [slides](presentations/2020/06-June/Java%20programming%20for%20fun.pdf)
- Google Cloud Run.pdf by Paris Apostolopoulos [slides](presentations/2020/06-June/Google%20Cloud%20Run.pdf)
- Contributing to open source software by Ioannis Canellos [slides](presentations/2020/06-June/contributing-to-oss.pdf)

### May [recap in Greek](https://tinyletter.com/jhug/letters/you-ve-got-mail-from-jhug-2)

- How a Java 8 backport wreaked havoc by Georgios Andrianakis [slides](presentations/2020/05-May/Java8%20-%20Backport%20-%20JHUG.pdf)
- Eurobank during COVID-19_v1.1 by Ioannis Kormaris and Anestis Georgiadis [slides](presentations/2020/05-May/Eurobank%20during%20COVID-19_v1.1.pdf)
- Effective Code Reviews by Alexandros Ntousias [slides](presentations/2020/05-May/Effective%20Code%20Reviews%20-%20JHUG.pdf)
- Compatibility testing Hazelcast.pdf by Vassilis Bekiaris [slides](presentations/2020/05-May/Compatibility%20testing%20Hazelcast.pdf)

## 2019

### November [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-november-11th-2019/)

- Faster, Cheaper, Leaner: Horizontally Scaling a CI Pipeline by Giorgos Saslis [slides](https://speakerdeck.com/gsaslis/faster-cheaper-leaner-horizontally-scaling-a-ci-pipeline-1ac8963b-22ed-4149-9047-7a7d192312d3)
- Java Memory Management, Bedtime Stories by Evi Hatzidaki

### September [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/kai-tora-kati-entelos-diaforetiko/)

- Quarkus workshop by Georgios Andrianakis [video](https://vimeo.com/390340056)

### April [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-april-9th-2019/)

- Introduction to Quarkus by Georgios Andrianakis [slides](presentations/2019/04-april/Quarkus%20-%20JHUG.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/339715440)
- Software testing anti-patterns by Kostis Kapelonis [slides](presentations/2019/04-april/software-testing-anti-patterns.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/335675924)

### February

- How to improve the quality of your application by Ioannis Kolaxis [slides](presentations/2019/02-February/quality.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/320965338)
- Hands-on TDD by Nikos Voulgaris [video](https://vimeo.com/323921239)

## 2018

### December [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-december-3rd-2018/)

- JUnit 5 by Thomas Pliakas [video](https://vimeo.com/310893373)
- High performance asynchronous transaction orchestration with Java Reactive frameworks by Nikos Papadopoulos and Vasilis Petropoulos [slides](presentations/2018/12-December/intralot.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/309660360)

### October [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-october-30th-2018/)

- Notes on Java security by Dimitris Glynos [slides](presentations/2018/10-October/notes-java-sec.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/301395882)
- Java is still free by Spyros Anastasopoulos [slides](presentations/2018/10-October/JavaLicense.pdf)
- Getting (a bit) familiar with Data Science by Ioannis Foukarakis [slides](presentations/2018/10-October/Getting%20(a%20bit)%20familiar%20with%20Data%20Science.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/299762465)

### September [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/new-meetupsep-2018/)

- Microservices architecture in action by Ioannis Kormaris [slides](presentations/2018/09-September/MicroServices%20Architecture%20In%20Action.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/293447463)
- An overview of IntelliJ IDEA by Zisis Pontikas [slides](presentations/2018/09-September/Jetbrains.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/294017886)

### February [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-february-28th-2018/)

- A short introduction to the Kotlin language by Antonis Lilis [slides](presentations/2018/28-February/KotlinIntro-JHUG.pdf)
- Istio by Georgios Andrianakis [slides](presentations/2018/28-February/istio-presentation-jhug.pdf)

## 2017

### November [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-28-November-2017/)

- Using JCache to speed up your apps by Vassilis Bekiaris [slides](presentations/2017/28-November/Using%20JCache%20to%20speed%20up%20your%20apps.pdf)
- Docker, Kubernetes & Java Microservices by Apostolos Polymenakos and Giorgos Sikalias [slides](presentations/2017/28-November/Docker,%20Kubernetes%20&%20Java%20Microservices.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/247101263)

### October [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-20-October-2017/)

- Microservices with Spring Boot by Sam Shemirani [slides](presentations/2017/10-October/JHug-microservices-springboot.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/246536422)
- An introduction to Java 9 by Ioannis Kolaxis [slides](presentations/2017/10-October/jhugkolaxisioannisjava9-171020210902.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/246622212)

### May [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-12-May-2017/)

- An introduction to Cassandra database part 2 by Petros Kaklamanis [slides](presentations/2017/05-May/JHUG_12052017_CassandraIntro.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/218583074)
- ReactiveProgramming by Spyros Anastasopoulos [slides](presentations/2017/05-May/Reactive_Programming.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/219470138)

### March [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/meetup-15-March-2017/)

- Refactoring in practice by Panagiotis Kapralos [slides](presentations/2017/03-March/Refactoring-In-Practice.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/208950085)
- Microbenchmarking with JMH by Georgios Kalfopoulos [slides](presentations/2017/03-March/Microbenchmarking.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/208947227)

## 2016

### December

- Writing maintenable software part 2 by Marios Kogias [slides](presentations/2016/12-December/Maintainability.Presentation_PART_2.v0.4.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/196230071)
- An introduction to Cassandra database by Petros Kaklamanis [slides](presentations/2016/12-December/JHUG_02122016_CassandraIntro.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/197079359)

### October [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-4-October-2016/)

- Microservices in a data science world by Nikos Dimos [slides](presentations/2016/10-October/Microservices_in_a_Data_Science_World.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/187563316)
- Writing maintenable software by Marios Kogias [slides](presentations/2016/10-October/Maintainability_Presentation.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/186186187)
- GC performance tuning by Thomas Pliakas [slides](presentations/2016/10-October/GC_Performance_Tuning.pdf)
- Data Science Vignettes in Java by Rui Miguel Forte [slides](presentations/2016/10-October/Forte_JHUG_Presentation_2016.pdf)

### April [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-2-April-2016/)

- Spock vs JUnit by Kostis Kapelonis [slides](presentations/2016/04-April/spock-vs-junit.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/163169615)
- Gradle for java developers by Kostis Saidis [slides](presentations/2016/04-April/gradleforjavadevelopers-160403102018.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/163474384)

Commit message:

Add presentations for the meetup of 12-December-2022

README.md, after:

# Java Hellenic User Group Resources

Here you will find material from the JHUG events.

## 2022

### December

- Evolving 20+ years codebase by George Gkogkolis [slides](presentations/2022/12-December/evolving-20-years-codebase.pdf)
- Transactional Outbox with a twist by Chris Aslanoglou [slides](presentations/2022/12-December/transactional-outbox-blueground-presentation.pdf)

## 2021

### October [recap in Greek](https://tinyletter.com/jhug/letters/jhug-newsletter-october-2021)

- Prepare for what *Loom*s ahead by Heinz Kabutz [video](https://vimeo.com/626210978)

### April [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-april-22th-2021/)

- JVM performance tuning by Thomas Pliakas [slides](presentations/2021/04-April/JVMPerformanceTuning.pdf)
- An unconventional path to innovation by Babis Makrynikolas [video](https://vimeo.com/540659777)

### March [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-march-11th-2021/)

- Test && commit || revert by Nikos Voulgaris [slides](presentations/2021/03-March/TestCommitRevert.pdf)
- Let’s talk about Bean Mapping by Periklis Ntanasis [slides](presentations/2021/03-March/JavaBeanMapping.pdf)

## 2020

### December [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-december-29th-2020/)

- Micronaut in 15 minutes by Paris Apostolopoulos [slides](presentations/2020/12-December/Micronaut%20in%2015%20minutes.pdf)
- IO Thread vs Worker thread demystified by Georgios Andrianakis [slides](presentations/2020/12-December/IO%20Thread%20vs%20Worker%20thread%20demystified.txt)
- Emacs for Java developers by Ioannis Canellos [slides](presentations/2020/12-December/Emacs%20for%20Java%20developers.txt)
- Advent of Code in Java by Spyros Anastasopoulos [slides](presentations/2020/12-December/Advent%20of%20Code%20in%20Java.pdf)

### June [recap in Greek](https://tinyletter.com/jhug/letters/you-ve-got-mail-from-jhug-3)

- Tale of a Kernel bug by Alexandros Sapranidis [slides](presentations/2020/06-June/The%20story%20of%20black%20box%20debugging.pdf)
- Java programming for fun by Spyros Anastasopoulos [slides](presentations/2020/06-June/Java%20programming%20for%20fun.pdf)
- Google Cloud Run.pdf by Paris Apostolopoulos [slides](presentations/2020/06-June/Google%20Cloud%20Run.pdf)
- Contributing to open source software by Ioannis Canellos [slides](presentations/2020/06-June/contributing-to-oss.pdf)

### May [recap in Greek](https://tinyletter.com/jhug/letters/you-ve-got-mail-from-jhug-2)

- How a Java 8 backport wreaked havoc by Georgios Andrianakis [slides](presentations/2020/05-May/Java8%20-%20Backport%20-%20JHUG.pdf)
- Eurobank during COVID-19_v1.1 by Ioannis Kormaris and Anestis Georgiadis [slides](presentations/2020/05-May/Eurobank%20during%20COVID-19_v1.1.pdf)
- Effective Code Reviews by Alexandros Ntousias [slides](presentations/2020/05-May/Effective%20Code%20Reviews%20-%20JHUG.pdf)
- Compatibility testing Hazelcast.pdf by Vassilis Bekiaris [slides](presentations/2020/05-May/Compatibility%20testing%20Hazelcast.pdf)

## 2019

### November [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-november-11th-2019/)

- Faster, Cheaper, Leaner: Horizontally Scaling a CI Pipeline by Giorgos Saslis [slides](https://speakerdeck.com/gsaslis/faster-cheaper-leaner-horizontally-scaling-a-ci-pipeline-1ac8963b-22ed-4149-9047-7a7d192312d3)
- Java Memory Management, Bedtime Stories by Evi Hatzidaki

### September [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/kai-tora-kati-entelos-diaforetiko/)

- Quarkus workshop by Georgios Andrianakis [video](https://vimeo.com/390340056)

### April [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-april-9th-2019/)

- Introduction to Quarkus by Georgios Andrianakis [slides](presentations/2019/04-april/Quarkus%20-%20JHUG.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/339715440)
- Software testing anti-patterns by Kostis Kapelonis [slides](presentations/2019/04-april/software-testing-anti-patterns.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/335675924)

### February

- How to improve the quality of your application by Ioannis Kolaxis [slides](presentations/2019/02-February/quality.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/320965338)
- Hands-on TDD by Nikos Voulgaris [video](https://vimeo.com/323921239)

## 2018

### December [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-december-3rd-2018/)

- JUnit 5 by Thomas Pliakas [video](https://vimeo.com/310893373)
- High performance asynchronous transaction orchestration with Java Reactive frameworks by Nikos Papadopoulos and Vasilis Petropoulos [slides](presentations/2018/12-December/intralot.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/309660360)

### October [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-october-30th-2018/)

- Notes on Java security by Dimitris Glynos [slides](presentations/2018/10-October/notes-java-sec.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/301395882)
- Java is still free by Spyros Anastasopoulos [slides](presentations/2018/10-October/JavaLicense.pdf)
- Getting (a bit) familiar with Data Science by Ioannis Foukarakis [slides](presentations/2018/10-October/Getting%20(a%20bit)%20familiar%20with%20Data%20Science.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/299762465)

### September [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/new-meetupsep-2018/)

- Microservices architecture in action by Ioannis Kormaris [slides](presentations/2018/09-September/MicroServices%20Architecture%20In%20Action.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/293447463)
- An overview of IntelliJ IDEA by Zisis Pontikas [slides](presentations/2018/09-September/Jetbrains.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/294017886)

### February [blog post](https://www.jhug.gr/jhug-meetup-february-28th-2018/)

- A short introduction to the Kotlin language by Antonis Lilis [slides](presentations/2018/28-February/KotlinIntro-JHUG.pdf)
- Istio by Georgios Andrianakis [slides](presentations/2018/28-February/istio-presentation-jhug.pdf)

## 2017

### November [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-28-November-2017/)

- Using JCache to speed up your apps by Vassilis Bekiaris [slides](presentations/2017/28-November/Using%20JCache%20to%20speed%20up%20your%20apps.pdf)
- Docker, Kubernetes & Java Microservices by Apostolos Polymenakos and Giorgos Sikalias [slides](presentations/2017/28-November/Docker,%20Kubernetes%20&%20Java%20Microservices.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/247101263)

### October [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-20-October-2017/)

- Microservices with Spring Boot by Sam Shemirani [slides](presentations/2017/10-October/JHug-microservices-springboot.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/246536422)
- An introduction to Java 9 by Ioannis Kolaxis [slides](presentations/2017/10-October/jhugkolaxisioannisjava9-171020210902.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/246622212)

### May [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-12-May-2017/)

- An introduction to Cassandra database part 2 by Petros Kaklamanis [slides](presentations/2017/05-May/JHUG_12052017_CassandraIntro.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/218583074)
- ReactiveProgramming by Spyros Anastasopoulos [slides](presentations/2017/05-May/Reactive_Programming.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/219470138)

### March [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/meetup-15-March-2017/)

- Refactoring in practice by Panagiotis Kapralos [slides](presentations/2017/03-March/Refactoring-In-Practice.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/208950085)
- Microbenchmarking with JMH by Georgios Kalfopoulos [slides](presentations/2017/03-March/Microbenchmarking.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/208947227)

## 2016

### December

- Writing maintenable software part 2 by Marios Kogias [slides](presentations/2016/12-December/Maintainability.Presentation_PART_2.v0.4.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/196230071)
- An introduction to Cassandra database by Petros Kaklamanis [slides](presentations/2016/12-December/JHUG_02122016_CassandraIntro.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/197079359)

### October [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-4-October-2016/)

- Microservices in a data science world by Nikos Dimos [slides](presentations/2016/10-October/Microservices_in_a_Data_Science_World.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/187563316)
- Writing maintenable software by Marios Kogias [slides](presentations/2016/10-October/Maintainability_Presentation.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/186186187)
- GC performance tuning by Thomas Pliakas [slides](presentations/2016/10-October/GC_Performance_Tuning.pdf)
- Data Science Vignettes in Java by Rui Miguel Forte [slides](presentations/2016/10-October/Forte_JHUG_Presentation_2016.pdf)

### April [blog post](https://fragkakis.github.io/JHUG-meetup-2-April-2016/)

- Spock vs JUnit by Kostis Kapelonis [slides](presentations/2016/04-April/spock-vs-junit.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/163169615)
- Gradle for java developers by Kostis Saidis [slides](presentations/2016/04-April/gradleforjavadevelopers-160403102018.pdf) [video](https://vimeo.com/163474384)
